AAP-32330 updated planning guide with redis changes (#2365)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/con-gw-clustered-redis.adoc

Therefore, if you need data scalability and automatic failover, deploy {PlatformNameShort} with a clustered Redis. For more information about scalability with Redis, refer to link:https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/management/scaling/[Scale with Redis Cluster] in the Redis product documentation.

> For information on deploying {PlatformNameShort} with clustered Redis, refer to the {BaseURL}/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/rpm_installation[{TitleInstallationGuide}] guide, the link:{BaseURL}/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/containerized_installation[{TitleContainerizedInstall}] guide, or the link:{BaseURL}/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/installing_on_openshift_container_platform[{TitleOperatorInstallation}] guide.

Reviewer: Hope my comment was clear. If not, here's the suggested inline updates: 

```suggestion
For information on deploying {PlatformNameShort} with clustered Redis, refer to the {LinkInstallationGuide}, {LinkContainerizedInstall}, {LinkOperatorInstallation} guides.
```
